A girl is styling her hair.
A group of men play soccer on the beach.
One woman is measuring another woman's ankle.
A man is cutting up a cucumber.
A man is playing a harp.
A woman is cutting onions.
A man is riding an electric bicycle.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is cycling.
A man is slicing open a fish.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is playing a guitar.
A baby panda goes down a slide.
A man is singing and playing a guitar.
A man attacks a woman.
A man is driving a car.
A woman is cutting tofu.
The woman is styling her hair.
Two zebras play in an open field.
A man is cutting a potato.
A man is slicing an onion.
A  man is dancing.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A woman is slicing garlics.
A man is speaking.
A little boy is singing and playing a guitar.
A turtle is swimming in water.
A young woman is putting stickers all over her face.
A woman is wrapping tofu.
A cat is eating some corn.
A man is eating a food.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is kicking pots of water.
A man is cutting a pipe with scissors.
A woman is dancing in the rain.
A woman is taking a bath.
A man mixes vegetables in a pot.
A woman is talking on a cell phone.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is cutting apple by his hand.
A man is opening a door.
A man is slicing a tomato.
A man is cutting paper with a sword.
A boy studies a calendar.
The ballerina is dancing.
A woman is dancing.
A woman is slicing some tomatoes.
A woman is water skiing.
A man is playing a flute.
A man is playing the piano.
A woman is picking a can.
A man puts three pieces of meat into a pan.
A woman is cutting an onion.
Some men are sawing.
A car is driven down the road.
The man is kissing and hugging the woman.
A train is moving.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A woman is playing in the ocean.
A person is playing an electronic keyboard.
A man is holding a leaf.
A woman is peeling shrimp.
A man is sitting and smoking.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is standing in front of the window and looking outside.
A skunk is looking here and there.
A man is playing the guitar and singing.
A woman opens a window.
People are dancing outside.
The man is using a camera to hammer a nail.
A woman is filing her nails.
A boy is crawling into a dog house.
A woman is swimming underwater.
A machine is sharpening a pencil.
A monkey is playing drums.
A man is opening a box and taking out paper.
A woman is dancing.
A person is drawing on a large touchscreen.
The men played follow the leader on the grass.
A woman is cracking eggs.
A woman peels garlic with her hands.
The polar bears fought over the kill.
A man is doing trick with play cards.
The cat is licking a bottle.
A person is slicing an onion.
A person is peeling a potato with a potato peeler.
Two women are dancing and singing in front of a crowd.
A man is seasoning some carrots.
Two men pushed carts through the woods.
A man is playing a football.
The lady peeled the potatoe.
A woman is slicing some tofu.
Someone typed on a keyboard.
Three young men run, jump, and kick off of a Coke machine.
A young Asian girl is applying eyeliner.
A cat is walking around a house.
A woman is talking to her pet bunny as she fondles it.
A monkey is playing drums.
A man is riding a white horse on an enclosed ground.
An oriental lady is cutting a carrot into thin pieces.
A group of people are dancing.
A man is playing guitar.
A woman mixes up vegetables.
A woman pours a mixture into a bowl and mixes it.
A man is cutting pieces of butter into a mixing bowl.
A man is putting garlic on some bread slices.
The panda bear lay on the logs.
Five men jump into a swimming pool.
A cheetah is running behind its prey.
A cat is playing on the floor.
A boy is playing violin on stage.
A dog is barking at a toy.
A man is cycling.
A woman is slicing ginger.
A man is dragging a dead deer.
A man is preparing a snake for cooking.
A woman is spreading mustard on a bread roll.
Someone touched the kitten chewing on a string.
Meat is being put into a skillet.
A baby elephant is eating a small tree.
A woman and man are dancing in the rain.
Someone is drawing.
A man is playing a guitar.
Two men are fistfighting in a ring.
A person wipes butter on a tray.
Two men are playing football.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is peeling a potato.
A woman is stabbing a potato with a fork.
A child is waking up.
A boy is playing a key-board.
A woman plays the flute.
A woman is playing an electric guitar.
A man is playing a flute.
A group of people are sweeping water out of a house.
A man plays a guitar.
A man and a woman is kissing each other.
A woman is climbing a cliff.
A polar bear is running towards a group of walruses.
A woman is cutting some fish.
Someone is playing a piano.
A man is pouring rice a roni into a pan.
A man is breaking wooden boards with his hand.
A girl is playing guitar.
A man is praying.
A man is playing piano.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is riding a horse by a creek.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is picking up a tree.
A person is peeling a potato.
A person is playing a piano.
A man is spitting.
A man is playing a musical keyboard.
A man is dancing.
A man plays a trumpet.
A woman is riding a horse.
A band is playing on stage.
A woman is playing a guitar and singing.
The man is eating.
A little boy hits a golf ball.
A guy is taking off his sunglasses.
Someone is reading an email.
A person is slicing onions.
A girl is coming up on a car.
A man is playing drums.
Someone is slicing a onion.
A woman is dicing some peeled potatoes cut into thick strips.
A little girl peddling a scooter.
A cat cleans itself.
A man is kicking a soccer ball.
A woman opens a window.
Three men are doing same dance in the street.
The man is playing the guitar.
A man is dancing.
A woman is exercising.
A boy is playing the violin onstage.
The woman is measuring the other woman.
A man is doing exercise.
A dog is playing with a toy.
A man is playing a piano.
A man is bowling.
A woman is dancing near a fire.
A man is making a bed.
A person is riding a motorcyle.
A man pours rice into a pot.
A person is slicing some garlic.
A woman is slicing ginger.
Men are playing soccer.
A person is scrubbing a zucchini.
A panda bear is chewing on a stick.
The people are lifting bags.
A man is talking on the phone.
A woman is braiding her hair.
The man is throwing knives at a tree.
The woman is slicing tofu.
A woman is folding paper.
Someone is folding a piece of paper.
A man is lifting weights.
A man is playing a cello.
The man is talking.
A man tries to feed a mouse to a snake.
A man is playing the drums.
A man is playing a ukulele.
A kitten is drinking milk from a bowl.
A man breaks cinder blocks on another man.
A man is hitting a boy with flower vase.
The man is mixing whipping cream.
A man is stirring juice.
Someone is slicing two uncooked racks of ribs apart.
A man is kicking pots of water.
Two little girls talk on the telephone.
A cat gets stuck on a moving ceiling fan.
The cat is drinking milk.
Rocky and Apollo Creed are running down the beach.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.
A boat sails along the water.
An okapi is eating from a tree.
Several kids jump up and down on a trampoline.
A woman is pouring egg into a frying pan.
A woman is frying ground meat.
Three boys in karate costumes are fighting.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A person is boiling noodles.
A person is slicing some onions.
A man reels in a fish.
A woman is cutting an onion.
A lady mixed up a meat mixture in bowl.
A girl is applying makeup on her face.
A woman puts make-up on.
A cat plays in his water.
A person is adding food in a pan.
A man is smoking.
A person is putting shredded cheese in a pot.
A man is erasing a chalk board.
The man is exercising.
A chimp is kicking a target.
A man is doing exercise.
The girl is carrying a baby.
Several swimmers jump into the water.
A man spins on a surf board.
A young man is riding a skateboard and jumps onto a sidewalk then off at another curb.
A person dices up an orange pepper.
Two men are dancing together.
A man is reading an email.
The curious boys look in the shed.
A moped in front of steps of ruins.
A man sleeps with a baby in his lap.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A person wearing a helmet rides a bike near a white structure.
A man with a bicycle at a coffee house.
A black and white cat is high up on tree branches.
A young blonde girl wearing a helmet sits with a red bicycle behind her.
Blue couch and twin bed in a living room.
The flock of sheep are spread out in the field.
Two dogs and one cat sitting on couch.
A bicycle is parked by a shop.
A orange and white cat laying on a blanket in a black leather chair.
Young couple sitting on a black couch.
A group of black people in front of a building with a moped.
Elderly woman sitting on red patterned couch with her arm around younger woman.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Red and white bus driving down road.
A cat laying on a red cushion looking at the camera.
Two green and white trains sitting on the tracks.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A man sitting in a back yard playing the guitar.
A father napping in a chair with a baby on his lap.
a close up head of an ostrich.
Green and white bird perched on tree branch.
A man in a top hat rides a white horse.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
Two Indian women with two Indian girls near the water.
A table is set with wine and dishes for two people.
A moped in front of ruins.
A person driving a cart pulled by a bicycle.
A dog sniffing the bottom of a door.
a small bird sitting on a branch in winter.
A yellow bird is eating fruit on a wire grate.
A brown duck and white duck stand on the grass.
A black and white cat and dog on a striped couch.
A man wearing black formal wear & a black top hat is riding a white show horse.
A small brown birds is eating from a bird feeder hanging from a tree.
This a picture of the countryside with a large city in the background.
Blue and red plane in mid-air flight.
Three men posing in a tent.
A close-up of a gray cat with green eyes.
A train is at a train station.
The train heads down the tracks and along the hedge.
a little girl is laughing at the camera.
Three young women standing in a room together.
A white bird with long orange legs standing by a lake.
A red train driving through a snow covered city.
Three bicyclists crossing a bridge in a city.
A red and white bus drives down an England street.
The birds are swimming in the water.
A black dog looking at the camera.
A group of horses grazing in a field.
Several people on motorcycles in a market square.
Three sheep on a dirt road viewed from a passenger vehicle.
Group of people posing with two men dressed as Elvis.
Parrot pushing a small shopping cart.
Man in yellow canoe paddling through water.
Beer bottles (-LRB- Harp Lager )-RRB- lined up on the floor.
Two women sitting outside laughing.
A steam engine and train moving toward the camera.
A brown and white cow in a field looking into the camera.
Black and white cow standing near pile of snow.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
A black and white photo of a man driving a car and someone with a motorcycle.
Three people are by the water with yellow canoes.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A man dressed in a pale scarf with a stick.
A very retro living room with a television in it.
A girl in a riding hat on a horse.
A car is pulling off the side of the road onto the street.
The man is sitting cross legged wearing a cloak and holding a stick.
Two black and white dogs at the bottom of stairs.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship in the ocean.
A man sitting cross legged on the grass, with a tree in the background.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
Three goats are being rounded up by a dog.
A tan puppy on a carpeted floor.
A black dog standing in a grassy area.
Train in a station.
A blue bird standing on a lawn.
An empty office cubicle.
A man and woman sit at a table in a restaurant.
A young man wearing a striped shirt is holding two bicycles.
A television, upholstered chair, and coffee stable in a bright room.
Two cats sitting on a couch looking out the window.
The small dog is wearing a sweater and looking up at the camera.
Two men standing in grass staring at a car.
A woman stands in front of a building in the snow.
Home office space with bright green walls and artwork.
A green car parked at a saloon.
Group of people sitting around a restaurant dining table.
Two ducks are standing by the water.
A black and white cow in a pen with hay.
A man and woman are posing for the camera.
A green and white cargo plane taking of from an airport.
A yellow school bus parked in a field.
An elderly man works on his laptop at home.
The cat is sitting on a bag of cat food.
A large pile of wooden items piled high.
A woman riding a brown horse.
Black and white photo of a girl on a sofa.
A black dog stands next to materials at a construction site.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
A women painting a chair with a dining room in the background.
A cat sleeping on the coach with a pillow behind it.
Two motorbikes racing on a dirt course.
A young woman is riding a Bay hose in a dirt riding-ring.
A gray cat laying on a brown table.
Motorcycle parked next to a car outside.
A pile of used wooden building materials with a chair on top.
A passenger train waiting at the city train station.
A black train moves down the tracks.
A Philips flat-screen TV is shown with its two remote controls.
A cruise ship is in front of a docking area.
A black and white cow standing in hay looks back at the camera.
Four people rowing down a river.
A dark brown horse standing in a field.
Two men talking in front of a plane.
two cats, one brown and one white laying on a bed with a blue blanket.
The train sits at the train station.
Two animals sitting on a rock.
A black and white cow looking through the fence.
Two women in a clothing store.
Older gentleman looking at red motorcycle.
Black and white cows grazing in a pen.
A small camouflaged airplane parked in the grass.
A black and white photo of a love seat.
Black bird standing on concrete.
Crowd of people walking past a giant mushroom.
A sheep beside a road and a lake.
A group of people sit at a table in an Italian restaurant.
Tan cows look closely at the camera.
Older woman holding newborn baby.
Two dogs play in the grass.
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack.
A dog swims through the water.
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
A bird flies across the water.
A dog is running through a pond
A man and a woman watch two dogs.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A brown and white dog is running through the snow.
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people.
The dog is running through a field.
A black and white dog is jumping into the water.
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it's mouth.
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks.
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash.
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar.
Two racing dogs run in the mud.
A young boy jumping into a pool that says "no diving".
Three dogs running in the dirt.
Four children on stools in a diner.
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
Two boys playing a game of flag football.
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open.
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
Two children splashing in the water.
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience.
Three children playing on a floor with toys.
The two dogs are playing in the yard.
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track.
four children are playing on a trampoline.
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees
A black dog running into the water.
a man and woman walking past a record shop
Two dogs play in the grass.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox.
a dog jumps into the water.
A wet, blond dog carries a stick on the shore.
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
Two dogs are running in the field.
Two people are in bed.
A light brown dog runs down a path happily.
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree.
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A black dog is jumping out of water.
A man climbing a rock-face.
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball.
A young boy with his hair standing up, is sliding down a blue slide
A dog standing in the water.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees.
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field.
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball.
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow.
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air.
A black and white dog is running through the grass.
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind.
A dog running on the grass
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album.
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow
Boy lies on stomach in grass.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing.
A girl is jumping.
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball.
Three children playing in snow.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A dog is standing in the sand.
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach.
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing.
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf.
Two dogs running on the shore.
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field.
Two dogs playing in snow.
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs.
A woman is sitting in the water.
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters.
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake.
Two black dogs are playing on the grass.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave.
Three little girls are sitting on the grass.
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background.
Dog is jumping down a ramp.
The dog plays in the park.
Four dogs stand in the snow.
Brown and black dogs on snow, showing teeth and barking at each other.
A man running on a track.
A light-colored dog runs through the grass.
Child holding an object that is on fire.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs.
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs
A black and white dog runs through the water.
A girl is running on a desert path.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands.
A deer jumps a fence.
A person is on a baseball team.
A bike is next to a couple women.
The group is eating while taking in a breathtaking view.
The boy is raising his hand.
A man with a gray beard is being shaved in front of a lecture hall
A young person  deep in thought.
A man is performing labor.
Two men wearing traditional clothing is standing outside.
a man wearing a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat.
A little girl in an orange striped outfit is airborne whilst bouncing on a bed.
A person is watching people ski down the hill.
The yard has a dog.
Three women cook.
The woman is kneeling next to a cat.
Three guys playing a pro game of basketball.
The boys are earning their next belt in karate.
A woman is digging in the sand.
A woman drives a golf cart.
A person filming the outdoors.
A human riding a skateboard.
A woman in a plaid outfit is looking through a bag of produce.
The tennis player hit the ball into outer space and broke the death star.
A boy climbs a forest hill.
Blond boy jumping onto deck.
A man uses a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture.
A group of male construction workers repair railroad tracks on a cloudy day
The girl has something on her head.
People making a structure out of cards.
There are four people outside.
Girls are holding hands in blue clothes
A man is demonstrating how to work with clay while at least two people observe.
A dog has a sweater on.
Sculptor applying concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head.
A boy with dark hair is in water and is looking up.
A pole is behind a person that is playing peekaboo with a child.
A woman is about to paint.
a man working at the steel mill
The young woman is flirting with the young boy.
the men are about to score in a water polo tournament
A man eats popcorn while watching cartoons late one night.
Three men sit on a bench.
The road is long.
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump.
A dog under the stairs
Two women give a demonstration at a Renaissance Fair.
Some guy sitting on a couch watching television.
A woman is posing for a Christmas card.
A man is working on his farm.
A girl is talking to her dad on a cellphone.
One person wields an umbrella.
A group of teenagers jumping and having a good time.
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.
Someone is on a blanket.
The man has a orange shirt.
The two kids look at the products sold inside the subway shop.
The baby boy wants his mother.
A boy is very close to a girl.
Six children are cleaning a room.
There is a cook preparing food.
Two men are helping a boy.
Two skiing people are doing cross country skiing.
A dog taking a poop in the street.
A kid is talking in class.
The women are trying to sell something to the individual.
People are waiting for the fireworks to start.
A dog prepares to herd three sheep with horns.
People gathered in a room.
The woman in overalls paints a picture for her wall.
Adding aspirin to the water could kill the plant.
The woman is wearing yellow.
A man is doing a stunt on his bicycle.
Ten people riding ATVs.
A yellow vested person is doing road work.
Two workers are sitting next to pipes eating lunch
A group of people living in the desert
Two kids are swimming.
people getting their dirty clothes cleaned
The children are holding musical instruments.
A group of people are wearing police uniforms conducting an arrest.
the man is planning to shoot a wedding
The child's bike got wet.
A soldier walks a dog.
A shirtless woman is operating a lawn mower.
The two officers are driving
The lady looks sad because no one is buying her wares.
A flock of birds hovered over the sandy beach.
people walk home
A man is laughing with a woman
He is about to run into the boat
2 Cows are in a field.
A wet child enjoys the summer.
The girl has a driver's license
People on motorcycles wearing racing gear ride around a racetrack
A man is standing on the ground with a paintbrush
The kids are at the theater watching a movie.
Two women walk down the sidewalk to the store.
A man has his son on his back
A group of dark-skinned people are walking past barbed wire.
Zombies parading around eating brains.
A group of people are sitting at at a beach on towels watching the Blue Angels.
Three people are meeting for coffee.
A young girl with dirt on her face and a red child's bike is in the background.
A line of scooters are parking in the middle of a street.
A man holding a cat.
The cats are running through the grass.
The two boys are playing kick ball back and forth to each other.
Two girls are running.
A little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolics on the grass.
A man in a white shirt and hat playing a guitar.
A black hooded man is using a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
the people are running a marathon
A group of people are nervous about crossing the water.
A group of kids are having a jumping contest.
The person is wearing a fedora.
A woman and a man embrace while watching a horror movie.
A man in a blue dress shirt.
A couple is playing the game of Life.
The head of a child with dark glasses is in focus.
A maintenance guy is repairing a net on a tennis court.
A kid sits on a soccer ball outside.
A man in a brown coat rubs his nose.
The dog is chasing the geese.
Small child playing with letter P
A brown dog is jumping.
A group of teenagers in red shirts are smiling.
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours. 
In the US, it will depend on the school.
There's also what the string is made of.
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.
I did this one time as well.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
You do not need to worry.
You should do it.
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
You can do it, too.
You should do it.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I have few suggestions for you:
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.
if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
As soon as possible.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
To give this an answer:
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
The rule - When in doubt throw it out!
This is not a good idea.
Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport.
It probably depends on the cut of meat.
It's not a good idea.
It's pretty much up to you.
Yes, there is a reason for it.
Have you tried asking your employees?
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.
You don't have to know.
There are two things to consider:
Work into it slowly.
You can buy it on amazon for $5.
The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic.
There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.
It's not a good idea.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
Yes, you should mention your experience.
From what I understand this is what you can do :
Take a look at these:
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:
Some of what you can do:
This is not a good idea.
The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:
I was in a similar situation.
I've had this same problem.
There is no maximum.
I am not sure this is the right site for the question.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
You are not disclosing key info.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.
This is a very unusual request.
It very much depends on the grant in question.
I have the same thing.
No it does not affect your ratings.
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.
It depends on what they are.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
You answered your own question.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
This is not a good idea.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:
You don't have to know.
I have the same thing.
It's not a good idea.
You are on the right path.
This doesn't answer your question, but:
How should I proceed about this?
Does this page answer your question?
You can use it, too.
It really depends on how the employer documents it.
I've had this same problem.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.
Hope this is what you are looking for.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.
It really doesn't matter.
You don't need to know everything.
I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).
It makes absolutely NO difference.
I think it's fine to ask this question.
I'm going to be very direct here.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
You should do it.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
What kind of insulation is it?
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.
You answered your own question.
I don't think that there's any.
There are a few things you can do: 
This is the tip I find most useful:
That's what I believe.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
It's all in her head.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.
Can you do this?
Sure, I've  done this very trip.
You can use it, too.
How do you do that?
I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.
It's also a matter of taste.
It's not a good idea.
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.
There are a few things I think you should do.
You will want to clean the area first.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.
There are a couple of options that you could consider:
You don't have to worry.
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.
It depends on how it's used.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.
There's not a lot you can do about that.
You got it right.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
How do you do that?
I was in a similar situation.
What is your lid made of?
You don't need any visa.
That is your problem, not your supervisor's.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
There are two things to consider:
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.
The wood probably isn't rotten, it's just worn out.
Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv.
This is a great one... 
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
I think it is depends on the program.
Can you do this?
I think there isn't a general answer.
There are a few things you can do: 
The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.
You don't have to know.
I think you've pretty much done your review.
There are a few things I think you should do.
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
You got it right.
You answered your own question.
I have the same thing.
Yes, there is a chemical difference.
They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important.
I would look at this: U.S.
You are on the right path.
If you haven't, you should.
Yes it is common!
I don't think that there's any.
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:
Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title.
In the first case, I think you don't need it.
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.
Work into it slowly.
No, you do not NEED a bread machine.
Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.
Yes, you should mention your experience.
I think it is great that you had a test conducted.
You don't have to know.
Yes, there is a rule against this.
What are your goals?
I'm going to go out on a limb here...
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.
A few more point to think about:
Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.
I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.
It varies by the situation.
I have the same thing.
I have the same thing.
You are on the right path.
Primer/paint will not work.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.
It's also a matter of taste.
I was in a similar situation.
You can use it, too.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
It depends on what they are.
I had the same problem as you.
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.
You don't need to know everything.
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.
I think it's just a habit.
It's not a good idea.
I'm thinking it's a bad idea. 
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
You have a problem.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.
Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality.
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.
I think there isn't a general answer.
It's not a good idea.
You don't need any visa.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.
I had the same problem as you.
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
You should do it.
I had the same problem as you.
Hope this is what you are looking for.
There are two things to consider:
It's pretty much up to you.
There are a few things you can do: 
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.
There are a few things you can do: 
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
There are a few possible reasons.
There are three options:
So think it in this way.
Maybe this could work for you.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
Microwave would be your best bet.
In the US, it will depend on the school.
It's not a good idea.
There are a few things I think you should do.
I've had this same problem.
This is not a good idea.
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.
Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge.
You don't have to worry.
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.
Yes, you should make a résumé.
You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.
I've had this same problem.
You may have to experiment and find what you like.
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.
Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.
There are two possible causes for this:
I agree with the other comments.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
It rather depends on which country you're in.
This is a terrible idea.
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.
It was developed with consultation from more than 300 leaders in academia, industry, government and the public.
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.
Downstream at Mount Vernon, the Skagit River was expected to crest at 36 feet -- 8 feet above flood stage -- tonight, Burke said.
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.
In the second quarter, Anadarko now expects volume of 46 million BOE, down from 48 million BOE.
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.
Authorities said the scientist properly quarantined himself at home after he developed SARS symptoms Dec. 10.
The support will come as a free software upgrade called WebVPN for current customers that have support contracts.
Hilsenrath and Klarman each were indicted on three counts of securities fraud.
The new sensor -- dubbed CANARY for ''cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields'' -- hijacks this natural process with two important changes.
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, had been on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania.
Waksal has pleaded guilty to securities fraud and is to be sentenced next week.
The device plays Internet radio streams and comes with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks' Rhapsody music service.
The dollar fell as low as $1.1624 per euro from $1.1486 on Friday, and traded at $1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London.
During the hearing, Morales expressed "sincere regrets and remorse" for his actions.
Site Finder has been visited 65 million times since its introduction, Galvin said.
According to SunnComm's Peter Jacobs, "MediaMax performs exactly as 'advertised' to the companies who purchased it.
He was tracked to Atlanta where he was arrested on Tuesday night.
The Bush administration blames Hussein loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks.
It later emerged that he had broken his right thigh and bones in his right wrist and elbow.
The Senate agreed Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
Some 95 million Americans -- half of all households -- invest in mutual funds.
The House has passed prescription-drug legislation in the last two sessions, but the Senate has failed to do so.
The elderly and those with weakened immune systems are also urged to protect against mosquito bites.
Ms Lafferty's lawyer, Thomas Ezzell, told a Kentucky newspaper: "My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents in the Hamptons, an exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City.
The bishop told police he thought he had hit a dog or a cat or that someone had thrown a rock at his vehicle.
A promotional poster, complete with countdown dial, reminds readers of the upcoming release of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
"Further testing is still under way, but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," the specialist said yesterday.
In morning trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 40.12, or 0.5 percent, at 8,571.69, having fallen 51 points Monday.
Rich media doubled its share, increasing from 3% in Q2 2002 to 6% in Q2 2003.
It will take time to oust die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq, Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday.
Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but Central Command sent hundreds who ran the war back home to Tampa, Florida.
SCO says the pricing terms for a license will not be announced for weeks.
Sources within the racing industry have told the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 56.79 points, or 0.67 percent, at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, had begun to read the Bible daily.
Bashir felt he was being tried by opinion not on the facts, Mahendradatta told Reuters.
Schofield got Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
In that case, the court held that Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning only the advertising pamphlets in the interest of aesthetics.
Box cutters were used as a weapon by the Sept. 11, 2001, hijackers and have since been banned as carry-on items.
On July 22, Moore announced he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter, and it ended the quarter with $2.2 billion in cash.
Four versions of Windows operating systems are targeted: Windows NT, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
Shares of McDonald's Corp. and Wendy's International Inc. continued a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.
He playfully chided the Senate's "little bitty tax relief plan."
Looking to buy the latest Harry Potter?
MediaQ's customers include major handheld makers Mitsubishi, Siemens, Palm, Sharp, Philips, Dell and Sony.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of a handful of companies that still make the flu vaccine.
Michael Bloomberg, NYC Mayor: "I'm gonna try march with a number of different groups.
The attack seemed similar to others staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12.
"We put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching process, probably later than we should have and now we're just gaining incredible speed.
The boy also sprayed the room full of retardant from fire extinguishers, which made it hard to see, the chief said.
"But HRT should not be used to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition."
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were impounded a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago.
The BlueCore3-Multimedia includes a 16-bit stereo audio CODEC with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
Now, with the agency's last three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia disaster, that wait could be even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a onetime assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and was ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989.
Those conversations had not taken place as of Tuesday night, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
Taiwan has attempted to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated WHO for seven years, but again was rebuffed March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva.
A Washington County man may have the countys first human case of West Nile virus, the health department said Friday.
National Breast Cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan said it was too early to quantify the risk to women.
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resigned June 9.
On health care, the NDP says there will be no privatization and no health-care premiums.
The new companies will begin trading on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbols PLMO and PSRC.
Kids, adults, booksellers and postal workers all are preparing for "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
The government did not identify the taikonauts — a term coined from ‘‘taikong,’’ the Chinese word for space — who would travel on the second mission.
I think we made the right case and did the right thing."
Kollar-Kotelly has scheduled another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January.
"Tomorrow at the Mission Inn, I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California.
"I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply," said Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase.
The Sunshine Group LTD represented the developers, The Related Companies and Apollo Real Estate Advisors LP, on the deal.
"It is about a third of what I owe in the world," he told reporters.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gained 2.90 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,606.87.
The benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield <US10YT=RR> dipped below 4.20 percent on Tuesday.
So was Edie Falco, the critically praised co-star of "Frankie and Johnny."
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end," said Hit resident Abu Qasim.
Joe Kernan, who had been lieutenant governor for the past seven years, was sworn in as governor after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Advanced Micro Devices said Fujitsu Siemens Computers is offering a high-end workstation based on AMD's Opteron 200 Series.
Kodak expects earnings of 5 cents to 25 cents a share in the quarter.
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market.
He was referring to John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday .
He refused to reveal what percentage of flights carried sky marshals, or whether they would be increased.
The Nasdaq Composite Index rose 19.67, or 1.3 percent, to 1523.71, its highest since June 18.
They said they had concluded that the film failed "to present a balanced portrayal" of the Reagans.
State health officials said today a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.
Navistar shares were down 44 cents, or 1.1 percent, at $41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after falling as low as $39.93.
Only Intel Corp.'s 0.3 percent yield was lower.
MGM, NBC and Liberty executives were not immediately available for comment.
The new analysis found that 32 of the 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer during about 5 years of follow-up.
Veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn died of cancer Sunday.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state has long had its eye on this piece of property and is eager to complete the deal to obtain it.
Reuters witnesses said many houses had been flattened and the city squares were packed with crying children and the homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
The three grocery chains were relying on store managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open.
The security official's backup couldn't fill in because he was on active military duty, Strutt said.
Researchers found the fossils in a semidesert area of Venezuela, about 250 miles west of Caracas.
Mr McDonnell is leading Grant Thornton International's inquiry into the Italian business.
The industry's largest association is urging its members not call the more than 50 million home and cellular numbers on the list.
The workers accuse General Dynamics of "reverse age discrimination" because of a change in retirement benefits in 1997.
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC eased 5.16 points, or 0.32 percent, at 1,590.75, breaking a six-day string of gains.
The Space Infrared Telescope Facility's mission is to search for the beginnings of the universe.
The respected medical journal Lancet has called for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom.
The driver of the truck escaped and is now being sought by the police, Supoyo said.
"In so many different ways, the artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history," Bush said.
Geraldine Andrews, the pastor's daughter-in-law, said Robinson recently took her daughter out of a mental health facility.
Before Thursday's matinee, Baker called a clubhouse meeting, concerned that the controversy had distracted the Cubs.
She was taken by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith.
Shortly after the opening bell, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 11.13 to 9,228.48, while the S&P 500 index gained 1.74 to 982.33.
In addition, primary care trusts (PCTs) were given star ratings for the first time this year.
"We are expending all available resources toward the investigation," said Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 15 points, or 0.98 percent, to 1,492.
The research firm earlier had forecast an increase of 4.9 percent.
PeopleSoft will commit $863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new shares, the companies said.
So in his State of the Union address in January, Bush declared that the British government "has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
The other 24 members are split between representatives of the securities industry and so-called "public" board members.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida became one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination's policies on homosexuality.
McGill also detailed the hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
That compared with a year-earlier profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.
"The economy, nonetheless, has yet to exhibit sustainable growth.
The commission estimated California lost $937 million to corporate tax shelters in 2001.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries started off on Monday weaker, as stocks rose early.
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 25.36 points, or 1.53 percent, at 1,628.26.
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision is a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell.
Prof Sally Baldwin, 63, from York, fell into a cavity which opened up when the structure collapsed at Tiburtina station, Italian railway officials said.
It calls for the agency to plan an independent safety and engineering organization.
WorldCom's accounting problems came to light early last year, and the company filed for bankruptcy in July 2002, citing massive accounting irregularities.
The study also found that consumer goods advertisers continued to spend the most dollars online, representing 35% of all Web advertising.
Kiernan testified that Seifert had received a gunshot wound to the back.
It is priced at $5,995 for an unlimited number of users tapping into the single processor, or $195 per user with a minimum of five users.
Tropical storm heads for pass along Honduras coast
Suicide bomber kills 12 in Nigeria church
US says ready to help blind Chinese activist
Gazans fire 2 rockets into Israel; no injuries
Berri says ready to help launch national unity government
13 dead in Iraq bomb attacks
Hurricane Isaac Moves Inland After Landfall
Nigeria mourns over 193 people killed in plane crash
ICC jails Congolese warlord for 14 years over child soldiers
7 soldiers killed, 56 injured in PKK attack in eastern Turkey
Schiphol airport partly evacuated after bomb threat
MIER ups 2012 growth forecast to 4.2pc
Activists: Syrian troops storm Damascus suburb
Tehran: EU sanctions won't force Iran into nuclear talks
Portugal Drownings: UK Girl And Grandad Named
Iran, powers set for high-stakes nuclear talks
Syrian forces kill teen in Aleppo protests
Jaguar to create 1,100 jobs in UK
Iraq searches Syria bound Iran plane: officials
Syria fighting rages as Russia urges Western re-think
Erdogan's party submits plan for Turkish presidency
Publisher acquitted in privacy case
Samsung overtakes Nokia in phones
Gu Kailai murder trial ends in China
Not 'hiding the ball' on Russia: Obama
England captain Andrew Strauss retires from professional cricket
China backs Sri Lanka on UN resolution
Ton up: Tendulkar reaches 100th international hundred
Conspiracy against me - Lance
Mursi takes oath of office, becomes Egyptian president
Syrian opposition pleads for criminal court action
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies double gets Trotters a point but they stay in bottom three
Syrian forces shell towns, clash with rebels
Bahraini protesters and police clash after funeral
Apple buying security firm AuthenTec for $356 million
Trade newspaper Variety up for sale
Australians flee homes amid floods
Germany dodges recession with growth in first quarter
Asian stocks rise after Greek vote eases fears
British soldier killed in southern Afghanistan
Obama silent on China dissident
Suicide Bomber Kills 6 in Afghan Capital
Denver shooting: Police to detonate devices in suspect's home
Syria hands over bodies of journalists
Coroner: Whitney Houston died in bathtub
Japan suffers severe flooding - in pictures
Japan to deport Chinese held over island landing
Some Syria violence amounts to civil war-Red Cross
Romney Wins Nevada Caucus
Apple iPad mini makes debut
Hamas hangs three Gaza prisoners
East Timor votes in presidential election
Sunday Times journalist Marie Colvin killed in Syria
KL shares higher at mid-afternoon
Chicago teachers strike in bitter contract dispute
Israel to free Palestinian hunger striker
Not a good beginning: Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Afghan Parliament Votes to Oust Key Ministers
Attacker in Afghan uniform kills 2 NATO troops
Cheap generics no panacea for India’s poorest
'Arrest warrant' for Maldives ex-president
HRW: Jordan turning away Palestinian refugees from Syria
Syrian forces overrun rebel stronghold
Chinese stocks close higher midday Friday
Sandy slams into Northeast; at least 18 dead, 7.4M without power
Putin Declares Victory in Russia Presidential Vote
Supreme Court to Hear Voting Rights Act Case
Libya postpones assembly election to July 7
London 2012 Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to feature a green and pleasant land'
Pakistan blocks Twitter over anti-Islamic material
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey Tuesday
Pakistani PM shocked at avalanche trapping army personnel
Opposition leaders emerge to commemorate Cambodian workers' deaths
Mali due to vote for president
Pussy Riot member Alyokhina released from jail in Russia
Asiana jet crash lands at San Francisco airport
Blizzard hammers U.S. Northeast, five dead, 700,000 lose power
2 French Journalists Killed in Mali
Vehicles ablaze in collapsed Japan tunnel
China stocks close lower on Friday
Mayor says 14 dead in Texas fertilizer plant blast
CBN reiterates plan to phase out polymer notes
U.S. files espionage charges agains NSA leaker
Chinese general's son gets 10 years jail for rape
Where's Rusty? Red panda vanishes from National Zoo
Queen Beatrix of The Netherlands to abdicate for son
U.S. dumps bombs at Great Barrier Reef
38 Taliban militants killed in Afghanistan
Most powerful typhoon of 2013 hits the Philippines
Calls for more Egypt protests
US government 'on the edge of shutdown'
123 killed in fighting in northern Syria
Critics say Putin’s security restrictions violate rights
Egypt braces for more protests, prays for calm
Morsi supporters protest in Egypt
Stocks rise in early trading
Bangladesh building collapse death toll hits 540: army
Defiant Mugabe sworn in for seventh term blasts 'vile' West
Nelson Mandela in Hospital for Tests
Iran, six global powers sign landmark nuclear deal
Algeria Mounts Military Operation to Rescue Al Qaeda Hostages
Delhi gang rape victim dies in Singapore hospital
Birth Control Linked With Higher Glaucoma Risk
Malaysia sets May 5 as date for closely contested election
Dhawan smashes India to big win over South Africa
N Korea postpones family reunions
Syria rejects US, UK chemical arms claims
Egypt arrests Muslim Brotherhood Supreme Guide
Gunmen kill nine people in northwest Pakistan
News summary for March 11
Hawaii passes gay marriage bill
Syrian Opposition Urges EU to Send Arms to Rebels
Funeral of Oscar Pistorius' girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp takes place
Two firefighters killed in New York ambush
Ten rescued off Waterford, Dublin coasts
Mars rover collects first bedrock sample
Ankeet Chavan granted conditional bail for marriage
Man who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Iran says nuclear talks to resume next month
US authorities charge man in ricin probe
25 bodies found at raided Algerian gas plant
Ferrer cruises into Australian Open quarter-finals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit
North, South Korea agree to talks
Gunmen kill female politician in Pakistan
Kardashian Divorce Ready for Trial
New Zealand set to legalise gay marriage
Syria regime claims evacuation of 5,000 near Damascus
Nobel Prize winning author Doris Lessing dies
Internet, phone service restored in Syrian capital
Syrian PM Survives Bomb Attack
US stock futures edge up ahead of jobs report
Bomb blast kills 10 in southwest Pakistan
David Cameron puts Sri Lanka on notice over war crime allegations
Morsi supporters clash with riot police in Cairo
Afghan police kill 5 Taliban fighters
Gunmen kidnap airline pilots in Lebanon
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey in March: report
Japan revises GDP growth to annual 1.1 pct in Q3
The foundations of South Africa are built on Nelson Mandela's memory
Ukraine protest leaders name ministers, Russian troops on alert
Malala, Snowden, Belarusians Short-Listed For Sakharov Prize
ElBaradei to Become Egyptian PM
Taiwan's economy grows 2.27% in April-June quarter
Tamerlan Tsarnaev buried in Virginia
State Dept. issues wide travel alert, says terror attack possible
Singapore stocks end up 0.11 pct
Russia warns Ukraine against EU deal
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory
China sacks top economic official
Canada approves oil pipeline to the Pacific Coast
Storm buries Northeast; 16 inches of snow in NJ
Jamaican connection in Liverpool's win
International weapons experts leave Syria, Obama to make statement
Southwest jet hit nose first
Twelve killed in bomb blast on Pakistani train
Powerful quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Obama lashes North Korea as pariah state
Colombia strike three times
Lord Palumbo offers hope for a relationship with his son James
Deputy speaker faces new sex claims
CIA chief visits Israel for Syria talks
Suicide bomb kills 4, injures 13 in Pakistan
Ukraine rebels 'flee eastern stronghold'
4 foreigners among 9 killed in Kabul hotel attack
Firefighters battle forest fire in SW China
Hassan Rouhani wins Iran's presidential election
Woman remanded over child's death A woman has been remanded in custody charged with murder after an eight-year-old girl was found dead in a block of flats.
Red-shirt leader calls not to oppose army
Russia praises idea to render rights assistance to Ukraine
Georgian PM's ally to become president - exit poll
Car bombs kill at least 16 in Iraqi capital
Saudi Arabia gets a seat at the UN Security Council
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
20 killed in bomb attack at Pakistani base
Shenzhen stock indices close higher Monday
Prince Harry pays tribute to US war dead
15 dead in Iraq attacks, bomb at football pitch
Myanmar arrests 44 over sectarian violence
Iran official: US visa denial to Iranian envoy will not affect nuke talks
Gov'ts, groups pledge millions for typhoon relief
Greece suspends state broadcaster
Guatemalan court finds former dictator guilty of genocide
Beaten Florida teen released in Israel
Iran, sextet to resume expert talks
Bangladesh collapse search over; death toll 1,127
Neymar powers Brazil into last 16
Ukraine to implement unilateral ceasefire
Stones add second Hyde Park concert
What the Papers Say, Aug. 19, 2013
5 nations meet on haze
Car bomb at Swedish consulate in Libya's Benghazi, no casualties
Bomber strikes near Pakistan army HQ
Croatia begins countdown to historic EU entry
Suicide attack kills eight in Baghdad
On War Criminals and Heroes: The Whitewashing of Ariel Sharon ŔÄ
Rogers, Videotron extend reach with network-sharing deal
Prominent AIDS researchers killed in Malaysian plane crash
Israel Forces Kill 2 Palestinian Militants
Death toll 'rises to 17' after typhoon strikes Japan
Protests continue in tense Ukraine capital
Two French journalists killed after Mali kidnapping
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on Dec 14
Iran warns of spillover of possible war on Syria
Former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf arrested again
US drone strike 'kills 4 militants in Pakistan'
UK's Ex-Premier Margaret Thatcher Dies At 87
Polar bear DNA 'may help fight obesity'
'Fast &amp; Furious' star Paul Walker dies in car crash
Air strike kills one man in Syria's Hama
Turkish PM, president clash over reply to protests
Strong new quake hits shattered Pak region
Floods in central Europe continue to create havoc
Luxembourg PM quits amid spying scandal
3 dead, 4 missing in central China construction accident
US, China fail to paper over cracks in ties
World Cup live: France 0-0 Germany
Tokyo to host 2020 Games
France warns of extremists benefiting from Egypt violence
British teenager killed in fall from Magaluf hotel
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan
Russian opposition leader under house arrest
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as chair of US Federal Reserve
Israel confirms strike on Syria targeted weapons
Jurors find Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty
Twitter reports blocking in Venezuela
Goa building collapse death toll touches 15
Pak religious body endorses underage marriage
Mt Gox reveals 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoin haul
More than 100 injured in Texas plant blast
Redford touts Alberta economy ahead of vote on leadership
Obama holds out over Syria strikes
South Korean soldier reportedly flees after killing 5 comrades at border with North Korea
Tycoon claims win in Ukraine and promises to seek future in EU
Syria agrees to surrender chemical weapons
AbbVie Sours on $55B Shire Deal After Tax Changes
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills four in Upper Dir
13 killed in Afgan terror attack
Rev's Early Reads: March 2
Pope canonizes 2 Palestinians
Funeral of Ian Paisley to take place in Belfast
Waba emerges new NLC president
5 US airstrikes target Islamic State fighters
US Senate votes to advance Iran nuclear review bill
Editors from around the world urge Turkey to protect media
Philippines, Canada pledge to further boost relations
Israel bars Palestinians from Jerusalem's Old City
How much do you know about Secret Service?
Obama Struggles to Soothe Saudi Fears As Iran Talks Resume
South Korea declares end to MERS outbreak
A girl is brushing her hair.
A group of boys are playing soccer on the beach.
A woman measures another woman's ankle.
A man is slicing a cucumber.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A woman is cutting tofu.
A man is riding a bicycle.
A man is playing the guitar.
A lady is playing the guitar.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man is playing a trumpet.
A man cuts an onion.
A man is talking.
A man is cutting up a fish.
A man is slicing a bun.
A man is playing a keyboard.
A panda slides down a slide.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man slaps a woman.
A man is riding a horse.
A woman is cutting an onion.
The woman is slicing herbs.
Two zebras are playing in a field.
A man is slicing some potato.
A woman is slicing a pumpkin.
A man and woman is dancing.
A woman is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing an onion.
A man is cooking.
A man is singing and playing the guitar.
A turtle is walking underwater.
A woman is applying stickers to her face.
A woman is balling dough.
A cat is eating corn on the cob.
A man is eating a piece of bread.
A man is eating pasta.
A man is picking flowers.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
A woman dances in the rain out side.
A woman is riding a horse.
A person is stirring vegetables in a pot.
A man and woman are talking on the phone.
A man is singing while playing the guitar.
A man is driving a car.
A man is cutting carpet with a knife.
A man is cutting an onion.
A man is riding a horse.
A woman is cutting a tomato.
A boy is looking at a calendar.
A man is dancing.
A woman is playing violin.
A woman is chopping a potato.
A woman is slicing fish.
A man is riding a scooter.
A man played the guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man is putting meat in a pan.
A woman is cleaning a garden.
Men are sawing logs.
A girl is walking down a road.
A man is hugging and kissing a woman.
A man is doing yoga.
A woman is cutting onion.
A woman is preparing shrimp to cook.
A kid is playing keyboard.
A monkey is fighting a man.
A man is squeezing water.
A man is smoking a cigarette.
A woman is riding a horse.
A man is staring out the window.
A skunk looks at the camera.
A man sings with a guitar.
A man is crawling.
A group of people are dancing.
Someone is banging a camera lense against a nail.
A man is peeling a carrot.
A boy is playing a wooden flute.
A man is slicing some carrots.
The machine shaved the end of the pencil.
A gorilla plays the drums.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman plays the clarinet.
A man is drawing on a digital dry erase board.
The rhino grazed on the grass.
A man is talking to a woman.
The woman is slicing herbs.
Polar bears are fighting each other.
A man is performing a card trick.
A cat plays with a small bottle.
A person cuts ginger.
A man is cutting tomatoes with a cleaver.
The women are singing and dancing.
A woman is slicing garlic.
Two men are pushing carts.
A man is maneuvering a soccer ball with his feet.
A woman is peeling a potato.
A woman is cutting a block of tofu into small cubes.
Someone is typing.
Three men are jumping off a wall.
A girl is putting on eye makeup.
A woman is peeling potato.
A woman walks her dog onto astro turf.
Someone in a gorilla costume is playing a set of drums.
Someone is riding a horse.
A woman is slicing a carrot.
Women are dancing outside.
A boy is talking to a giant dog.
A woman is adding ingredients to a skillet.
A woman is preparing an egg in a skillet.
Pieces of butter is added in the stand mixer.
A man is sprinkling seasoning on several split and buttered loaves of bread.
A panda is lying down.
A group of swimmers fall into a pool.
A cheetah chases prey on across a field.
A man is slicing garlic.
A person is mixing a pot.
The little dog barked at the electronic toy.
A boy is riding a bicycle.
A person is holding two baby lorises.
A man is jumping into water from a cliff.
The man is dropping sliced cucumbers into water.
A kitten is playing with a woman's finger.
Someone is cutting paper.
A woman is putting a baby into a trash can.
A little girl peddling a scooter.
A man and woman are dancing in rain.
Someone is dancing.
A woman is playing the guitar.
Two men fistfight in a ring.
A person is buttering a tray.
Two men are practicing football.
The girl is playing the guitar.
A man is slicing a potato.
A woman is puncturing a potato with a fork.
A girl is waking up.
A little boy is playing a keyboard.
A woman is playing the flute.
A man is playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is playing a guitar.
People are sweeping water out of a house.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man and a woman are hugging and kissing each other.
A woman is climbing a rock face.
A polar bear is chasing a group of walruses.
A woman is cutting tofu.
Someone is playing guitar.
A man poured ric-a-roni into a pan.
A man is breaking tiles with his hands.
A girl is playing a piano.
A man is dancing.
A man is playing a violin.
A woman is slicing lemons.
A man is riding a horse.
A man is playing a guitar and singing.
A man is carrying a tree.
The man is peeling a potato.
A person is slicing a potato.
A man is talking.
A man is playing a keyboard piano.
A man is thinking.
A man is playing the trumpet.
A man rides a horse.
A woman is dancing on a stage.
A woman is playing the guitar.
A man is eating food.
The little boy swung at the golf ball.
A boy is removing his sunglasses.
A man is reading his email.
Someone is slicing an onion.
A girl jumps on top of a car.
A man is playing his guitar.
Someone is carrying a fish.
A woman is chopping a peeled potato into slices.
A girl is riding a scooter.
A cat is licking itself.
A man is performing tricks with a soccer ball.
A woman is looking out a window.
Three shirtless men are dancing in the street.
The man is peeling a potato.
A woman is exercising.
A man is dancing.
A boy is playing an instrument.
The lady measured the other woman's ankle.
A man is firing a rifle.
A dog is eating a doll.
A guy is peeling a potato.
A kitten is walking.
A woman is cutting a tomatoe.
A man is speaking to an audience.
A person is chopping an onion.
A man is putting rice in a bowling pot.
A person is dicing a clove of garlic with a knife.
A woman is cutting potatoes.
Two teams play soccer.
A woman is scrubbing a zucchini with a vegetable brush.
A baby panda plays with a stick.
Several people are carrying large bags.
A man is moon-walking across a store.
A man is riding a motorcycle.
A man is throwing blades into a close target outside.
The woman is putting on lipstick.
A woman is applying eye shadow.
A person is slicing a small pieces of ginger.
A man is chopping egg plant.
A man is rapidly lifting small weights.
A man is walking down stairs.
A man is teasing a snake with a mouse.
A woman is slicing some leaves.
A man is sitting and playing a small guitar.
A small child is drinking water from a cup.
A woman breaks an egg into a pan.
A man is cutting a mat.
The man is holding a skunk.
A man is peeling an onion.
Someone is cutting a piece of meat.
A man is turning foods.
Two couple are talking with each other.
A cat is swinging on a fan.
A white cat is licking and drinking milk kept on a plate.
The men are jogging on the beach.
A man is stuffing himself full with food.
The man is playing the guitar.
A moose drinks from a sprinkler.
A man is doing back flips on a trampoline.
A man is petting two dogs.
A man is cutting a trunk with an axe.
Three men are practicing karate moves in a field.
Women swimmers are diving in from the starting platform.
A cat is licking a bottle.
A woman is chopping herbs.
A woman is pouring oil in a bowl.
A horse is standing.
A woman is stirring meat in a bowl.
A woman is putting on makeup.
A woman is putting on eyeshadow.
The cat fished a straw out ouf his water dish.
A man is dancing in the street.
A baby is sucking on a pacifier.
A hamster is eating some seeds.
A woman is dancing, and singing.
A man is doing pull-ups.
A woman is putting oil into a skillet.
A baby is laughing.
A man is eating a food.
Swimmers are racing in a lake.
A man is putting barbecue sauce on chicken.
A man is riding a skateboard.
The cook is slicing bell peppers.
A woman opens a closet.
A person opening a banana.
Two small boys in a woody area looking at a shed.
A moped in front of ruins.
A man asleep in a chair holding a baby.
A white cat looking out of a window.
A girl wearing black shorts and boots is standing next to a blue motorcycle.
Man walking bicycle to patio of a coffee shop.
Black and white lamb with tag in right ear.
A young girl wearing a bike helmet with a bicycle in the background.
Blue couch in room with sun shining in.
A white cat stands on the floor.
Two dogs and a cat resting on a couch.
A bicycle is parked outside a bookstore.
A ginger and white cat curled up and asleep on a leather chair.
Young couple sitting on couch.
A group of people are outside a decrepit building.
Two women sitting on couch posing for camera.
an African man hanging onto the back of a very full yellow van.
A bus drives down a busy road.
A tan dog lying on a moggie bed looking up at the camera.
Two green and white trains are sitting on the train track.
A grey cat laying on a dining table.
A man riding on the back of an orange SUV.
Man with pink shirt sleeping on chair with infant.
A close up of an ostrich face.
Bird with a green head and white chest perched on a tree branch.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A woman taking her own photo from above.
A woman in a pink top posing with beer.
Two Indian woman stand with two Indian girls on a beach.
A wooden table is set with candles, wine, and a purple plastic bowl.
White bus parked in grass in front of building.
A man wearing a dust mask riding a three wheeled bicycle.
A black and white dog sniffing at a closed door.
A small bird perched on an icy branch.
A yellow bird eating fruit on a bird feeder.
Brown and white ducks walking on green grass.
A black and white cat standing in front of a window.
A man with a top hat riding a white horse.
A small bird perches on the bird feeder hanging from the tree.
There are some black cattle in a grassy plain with a large tree in the background.
a blue and red airplane while in flight.
Three men eating in a kitchen.
A close-up of a cat on a cream sofa.
The train sits at the train station.
a dog on the floor of a patio looks at a cat on the fence.
A white cow with big ears looking into the camera.
Three dark haired young women in white, red and black sweaters.
Large white bird with long orange beak standing on the shoreline.
The train is riding on the tracks in the snow.
The bicyclists are crossing a bridge in the rain.
A red and white England bus drives down the street.
Birds fly low over water.
The black and white bull is looking at the camera.
Group of horses grazing in grassy field.
People on motorbikes in a city street.
Three sheep on a dirt road shot from a car.
A group of people standing with two other people dressed as Elvis.
A white bird is steering a shopping cart.
Man paddling a yellow canoe towards a the shore.
A row of beer bottles on the floor.
Two women standing outside of a bus.
A white sheep on a hillside looking at the camera.
The black and white cat is looking up at the camera.
a black and white cow standing in the field.
An office with multiple desks and green walls.
A black and white photo of a man in a classic car and a man with a classic motorcycle.
Three people preparing to canoe.
A girl riding a tan horse.
A runner is resting in the shade with a bottle of soda.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A girl riding a brown horse.
A silver car parked on the side of the road in front of the hills.
Man sitting cross legged while wearing a brown cloth and holding a wooden stick.
A dog is lying at the bottom of a staircase next to another standing dog.
An old fashioned wooden sailing ship is parked at the pier.
Ocean liner close to coast with houses in the background.
A cat looking out of a window.
Three goats are chased by a dog.
Tan puppy lying down on white carpeting.
A long-haired dog stands in a grassy wooded area.
a train in a station.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
An empty office chair in a cubicle.
Four women and two men sit at a long table in a restaurant.
Young redheaded man holding two bicycles near beach.
A leather couch and wooden table in a living room.
Two cats are looking at a window.
A small white dog wearing a jacket looks up at the camera.
Two women sitting in chairs in a shop.
Two women and a baby pose in front of a dining room.
Small office space with bright green walls.
A green car parked outside the saloon.
A group of people sitting at a restaurant table.
The birds are swimming in the water.
Black and white cows behind a fence.
A cat sitting on sand looking up at the camera.
White and green commercial airliner taking off of runway.
A brown horse in a green field.
Older gentleman sitting on couch with laptop.
Two eagles sitting on a long branch.
A large pile of scrap wood.
A girl riding a brown horse.
a black and white photo of a cow under a tree.
A black dog stands in the middle of a construction site.
Two women are sitting in a cafe.
A man and boy walking along a beach with the sea in the background.
The cat is laying on an animal print blanket.
two motorbikes on a dirt track.
A man is staring at a horse with a white mane.
A grey cat lying on a wooden table.
A motorcycle parked next to a car.
Pile of wooden debris with chair on top.
A passenger train with a yellow engine.
A long train is on train tracks.
A Phillips flat screen TV with two remote controls.
Calico cat sitting on step in front of a door.
There is a black and white sheep standing on the grass.
Four people row a canoe in water.
A brown horse in a green field.
Two men talking in front of a small plane.
Two cats, one ginger, the other white laying on a bed.
A train parked at a train station.
The brown train is sitting on the railroad tracks.
A black and white dog looking at the camera.
Two women in a sailboat.
A man looking at a red motorcycle.
Two black and white cows drinking out of a pond.
A small dog wearing a pink shirt tied to a railing.
Black and white photo of couch with purse at one end.
Blue bird standing on green grass.
A group of four people walking past a giant mushroom.
A sheep is on the edge of a road with a lake and a mountain in the background.
A group of six people sitting at a table with salad served.
A white and grey cat in a bathroom sink looking at the camera.
a woman sitting on a sofa holding a baby.
Two dogs playing in the snow.
Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack.
A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow.
A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum.
Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them.
A bird flies above the water.
A pale dog is running along a dirt path.
A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
a brown and white dog is running on the grass.
Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge.
A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people.
A dog runs through a field.
a white dog runs across the water.
A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods.
A black and white dog frolics in the snow.
The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd.
A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth.
A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks.
A man, woman and dog walk down a paved road.
A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar.
The man is going into the water.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
The yellow dog is running on the dirt road.
Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar.
A boy and a dog running on grass
Two boys are playing flag football.
A black and white dog jumps in the snow.
Two young boys, one white and one black, are standing with their arms around each other.
A child is playing with two white and black geese.
Two dolphins jumping into the water.
A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree.
Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track
Four kids are jumping on a trampoline.
A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry.
A black dog running through water.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
Three children playing on the floor.
A dog swimming in a pond
A dog is jumping into the water.
The wet, brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water.
A man and dog on a rocky seashore.
A group of people are ice skating in a big city.
Two dogs running in a field.
Two boxers are in the ring.
A pale dog runs down a path.
A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A white dog running over a bridge.
Two brown dogs running through water.
A black dog is shaking off water.
A man is climbing a rock wall.
A woman is playing volley ball.
The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide.
A girl playing on a parachute.
a group of surfers catching a wave
Two dogs are running through a green yard
A person hanging from a rocky cliff.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing.
A tan dog is walking through snow.
A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it.
Two dogs are running on the grass.
A dog rolls on the ground.
A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street.
A surfer does a flip on a wave.
a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling
Two dogs fighting in the snow.
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall.
A boy is rock climbing.
A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence.
Three children playing in hay
Two people riding their bikes on a hill.
a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands.
A white dog running on the beach.
A yellow car drives quickly in the snow.
Two dogs playing in grass.
A boy is pushing another boy on the swings.
A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game.
A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors.
The woman is skating in the park.
a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground
Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain.
Two dogs playing in a yard.
A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean.
Two poodles are running through the snow.
A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background.
A girls is jumping in the sand.
The dog leaps over the fence in the park.
Four dogs playing in the snow.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
a man running track
A dog runs through the grass.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
a small dog steps onto a log.
Two dogs play in the snow.
A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet.
Black and brown dog runs through field.
A young girl is talking on a cell phone.
a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses.
A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble.
A deer is jumping over a fence.
A person is playing basketball on a team.
A child next to a bike.
A group of people take a look at an unusual tree.
The man is raising his hand.
A man with a beard is sitting in the grass.
A young man deep in thought.
A man is performing today.
Three women wearing black vests and gray shirts are talking outside of a building.
A man wearing a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream.
A dog in a red shirt is chasing a squirrel through the glass.
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
The dog is running after another dog.
Two women cooking.
A girl is standing next to a man.
two guys playing a game of baseball.
Five girls and one boy are in their swimsuits all in the middle of jumping into the pool.
A man is buried in the sand.
A man riding a cart.
There is a couple outdoors.
A child is riding a skateboard.
This is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress, toting something in a bucket.
A female tennis player is leaping into the air to hit the ball.
A boy is climbing a hill.
A boy jumping down a wet inflatable slide.
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
A crew of workers working on a railroad track.
The woman has something with her.
Two people are together and one is using a piece of clothing in a different way than intended.
Five people are outside.
The young people are wearing jeans with their red and green shirts.
At least one of the three women is talking to the others.
A man in a suit jacket is sitting on a red couch with a cat.
A person is standing in front of a building holding aloft some plywood
The man is short hair.
There is a child with a ball
A boy is about to take a picture.
A man working in a foundry.
The girl is young and cheery.
The two men are about to compete in a match.
A man and a girl are watching cartoons at home
two men sit on a bench.
There is nothing on the side of the road.
A man wearing a white shirt and red and black shorts is running on the sidewalk.
A dog is resting on the stairs.
Two people are doing a demonstration at a renaissance fair.
A guy is sitting on the couch watching TV
A girl is taking a photo.
An old guy is working on his farm and a cow kicks him.
a girl is talking on her phone.
One person is holding an umbrella.
A group of kids having a good time.
The man is playing the drums for his mom.
The person is making a blanket.
The woman has a orange shirt.
The kids are stealing from a store.
A baby boy is happy to see his mother.
A girl is close to a boy whose face is not shown.
Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.
A cook is making food.
Two men are with a young child.
People skiing cross country.
A man making balloon animals for two children on a street corner.
A girl is going to class.
The men are trying to make some money.
Three people are waiting for the rain to stop.
A dog and sheep run together.
People gathered together in a room.
A woman is painting her wall white.
Men are trying to remove oil from a body of water.
The woman is wearing red.
A man is doing a wheelie on his motorcycle.
4 people are riding bikes
A person is doing very well on their skateboard.
The construction workers are sitting down to eat lunch.
A group of people in the middle of the desert.
Six kids are going swimming.
People are getting their clothes cleaned.
A group of children are singing and playing instruments
A group of police officers are wearing protection.
the woman is going to a wedding.
She is putting away the bike.
A man walks a dog.
A girl is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
Two officers are on horses.
The lady is selling things.
Birds are flying at a beach.
People waiting.
A man and a woman laughing.
The man is getting his boat clean to take it out on the water.
Two sheep are in a field.
A woman is enjoying the summer weather.
A man has a driver's license.
People on motorcycles ride around a racetrack
A man with a crutch lying on the ground.
it is picture day for the boys
Two women walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon.
A man spent his time with his son.
Two women are gossiping by a fence.
The zombies are eating flesh together.
A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
Two people make coffee.
The old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt is standing on a path watching children play.
A line of motor bikes are parked in the middle of a street.
A man holding a dog.
Some dogs running through the park.
The players are kicking each other while attempting to kick the ball.
Three boys are running.
A woman in a green shirt and white pants golfs on the green.
A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
A white hooded woman is using a magnifying glass to look at a booklet.
People are running a marathon
A group of people are on the water.
A group of kids are having a sleepover.
A man is wearing a uniform.
A man and a woman watch a movie together.
A man in a white shirt and blue pants is talking with a woman in a pink shirt.
The family is playing a game together.
There is a woman with a full head of hair.
A man removing a tennis net.
A kid sitting on a soccer ball at the park.
A bald man with a red beard holds his hand near his mouth.
One dog is chasing the other.
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
A brown dog is jumping
A group of people are wearing orange shirts.
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours. 
It really depends on the school and the program.
There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.
You can do it, but you might not be a professor.
I have this habit as well.
You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
You don't have to worry.
You should do what it says.
You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.
You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
i think it depends what you want:
Yes, you can do it.
You can do it, too.
You have to know what you want to do.
I have two suggestions for you:
You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.
The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
My answer to your question is "Probably Not".
Start them as early as possible.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
The answer to both of your questions is yes.
I'll answer this question:
Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
I always go by the rule "When in doubt, throw it out!
This sound like a very bad idea.
It's a good idea.
It depends on the meat and how it's cut.
It's a good question.
It's much better to ask.
Yes, that is exactly what it means.
Have you tried asking?
You are making this too complicated.
You have no need to do anything.
There are two possible causes for this:
It seems to work.
You can buy it on ebay for $25 and up.
One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.
It is not a good idea.
They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
Yes, you should mention it.
Can you do this?
Take a look at this: 
I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?
Not much you can do besides:
But it is not a good idea.
You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions.
I had a similar situation.
I had this same problem.
There is no quarantine period.
I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.
In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how.
Yes, you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you've done.
No you are not.
I guess it depends on what you're going to do.
It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
It depends on what you want to achieve.
This is a big problem.
This sounds a bit unusual.
I think it depends very much on the area.
I have had the same problem.
No it is not.
I think that the short  answer to your question is: No.
I don't think it makes much difference.
It depends on what they are evaluating, and how.
There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.
You have answered your own question.
Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
I'd say it depends what conditions you have.
You don't have to do anything to season it.
I have the same situation and have traveled extensively.
I do not think it's a good idea.
You are right on the mark.
This is a part answer to your question
So how should I do this?
Does this answer your questions?
You can still use it for practice.
It depends how you're stating it.
I've had this problem while working in a pubs.
You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.
It depends on what you want to be able to do.
You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
I don't see why that should be a problem.
If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.
The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.
It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
You have to do what is right for you.
Saying "thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment."
It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.
You don't have to know.
I think you're looking for the movie
No, it makes no difference.
I think it is okay to ask the question.
I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't.
Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
You should prime it first.
I'm afraid there's not really a lot you can do.
What kind of floors are above?
I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
You've answered your own question already.
I don't think there is any universal term.
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
Something like this is useful:  
Yes, I believe it's a good idea.
If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.
It's all about adhesion.
If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.
You have to know what you want to do.
Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.
Can you do it?
I've done this many dozens of times.
You can do it, too.
How to do that?
I found some link that might be of help to you:
I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.
The answer to your question is not really.
You don't, it will not work.
It's definitely just a matter of preference.
It's a good idea to do both.
This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.
There are quite a few things you would need to do;
You will also want to remove the seeds.
It depends on what you want to achieve.
There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.
Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.
It depends on how long it's been out.
I don't see why this could be a problem.
I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
Yes you got it.
Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.
How should you do that?
I am in a similar situation.
What is your paper for?
You don't need sauce at all.
Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
It's up to you what you want to do next.
A couple things to consider:
It depends on your company.
It's just worn out and not safe.
I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
This is a difficult one.
To directly answer the two questions in your title.
Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign.
It depends on how the term is used I think.
So, CAN you do this?
I don't think there is an answer for this.
There are a couple things you can try.
You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.
You've pretty much answered your own question.
There are a few things I don't understand:
The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
It depends on what you want to say/imply.
You've got it right.
You pretty much answered your own question.
I had the same problem as you.
Yes, there is a reason for it.
Yes, although they can be a bit sour.
I would look at this way: 
You're on the right path.
You should, but you don't have to.
The simple answer is yes!
I don't think there are any benefits.
It is up to you whether you want to do that.
The Joker doesn't care about money.
So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.
This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.
You work on it slowly.
You do not need to worry.
Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal.
So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
Yes, you should make a résumé.
I think that's a great plan.
Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
There's no rule against it.
What are you goals?
I'm going to be very direct here.
You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.
A few things to think about:
You don't have to know.
I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.
Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.
This varies by institution.
I have the same problem.
I have the exact same problem.
You're right on about the sample definition.
Nope that will not work.
The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
It's mostly a matter of taste.
Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
Yes, you can do it.
You have to find out what works for you.
It depends on how it's used.
I have just had the same problem.
You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
They just don't want you to know it.
It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.
I think it's a bad idea.
No, it's not a good thing.
I think it's a bad idea.
You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
This is a big problem.
If the conversation is not about work, you know what the answer is to your own question.
This cannot be answered in general.
I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
I don't think there is a single definition.
Not a good idea.
You don't have to worry.
You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
I have exactly the same problem.
The answer to your question is not really.
You should never do it.
I had the same issue.
Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?
I think there are two important things to consider:
It is up to you.
There are a few things you need to consider:
The answer to both questions is: Yes.
This is a part answer to your question
There are a few things I think you should do.
It depends on what and where you are going to do.
There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
There are only three options:
Think of it this way.
Maybe this can work for you.
They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
Your best bet is research.
This will depend on the university.
It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea.
There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
I had this same situation.
Not a good idea.
I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.
Yes, there is a chemical difference.
To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.
You don't have to do anything to season it.
There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
Yes, you should talk to your professor.
You don't need sauce at all.
I had this problem before.
You have to find out what works for you.
This is a part answer to your question
It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.
Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps.
There are two options for you - 
I agree with the previous comments.
If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.
That depends on which country you are in.
This is a bad idea.
In New York, Vivendi shares were 1.4 percent down at $18.29.
Bremer said he would launch a $70-million program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods across Iraq and build community projects, but gave no details.
State officials estimated the cost at nearly $2 billion.
The city had requested federal funds, but withdrew that request when American Express pledged at least $3 million.
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15, classified as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph.
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) to report earnings after the close.
His aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more bloodshed, a view shared by many in Liberia.
It is the first named storm to develop in the Caribbean in December.
The AFL-CIO announced Wednesday that it will decide in October whether to endorse a candidate before the primaries.
The plan, called The NIH Roadmap, was developed over 14 months with help from more than 300 consultants in industry and academia.
Acting New Haven Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said police were treating the explosion as a criminal matter.
Chiron has acceptances from holders of nearly 20 percent of PowderJect shares.
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the revised Diebold machines," said Gilles W. Burger, chairman of the Maryland State Board of Elections.
Hewlett-Packard is putting in for a second-quarter profit of $659 million, or 29 cents a share, on revenue of $18 billion.
At Northwest Medical Center of Washington County in Springdale, one child is in serious condition.
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring the NYSE's 27-member board and allotting more seats to investors outside the securities industry.
The Swedish central bank, also meeting on Wednesday, is widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday of as much as half a percentage point.
His sport utility vehicle was found June 25, abandoned without its license plates in Virginia Beach, Va.
Heatley led Atlanta in scoring last season with a team-record 41 goals and 48 assists.
We're thrilled to be up 3-2,'' Coach Gregg Popovich said Wednesday.
In a regulatory filing, EDS said the SEC had asked for information related to its troubled IT outsourcing contract with the US Navy.
Internal chaos has allowed foreign companies to set up damaging commercial logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.
The court's three-judge tribunal was expected to give its verdict next February.
Analysts surveyed by First Call were expecting sales of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month _ sliding down to 6.1 percent _ as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000 amid continuing mixed signals about the nation's economic health.
Professor Moffitt said the results needed to be replicated before pursuing testing of individuals for the presence of the long or short versions of the gene.
The exchange also said its five-person compensation committee will consist only of directors from outside the securities industry.
Congress has added a new benefit - an option to buy insurance coverage for prescription drugs.
Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents at $29.42 Thursday.
The NIST discovered that in 1999 the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.
The dollar pushed as high as $1.1115 to the euro in early trade, extending Tuesday's one percent rally to hit its strongest level since April 30.
The single currency rose as far as 135.26 yen , its highest level since the introduction of the single currency in January 1999.
A 62-year-old West Babylon man has contracted the West Nile virus, the first human case in Suffolk County this year, according to the county health department.
But the North Korean nuclear crisis has dominated his time in office.
A captured rebel said 2,100 combatants had been involved in the offensive.
JAPAN added to growing international pressure on Burma yesterday, threatening to halt its hefty economic aid unless the military government released pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.
"The future of BA is in the hands of the negotiators," Eddington told British Broadcasting Corp. television on Sunday.
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said Goodrich, also director of pediatric neurosurgery at the Children's Hospital at Montefiore.
The foreign bits are recognized by other cells that realize it is infected and kill it.
The New York Stock Exchange suspended trading yesterday in Loral, which closed at $3.01 Friday.
The health department spokesperson added the department is following Centers for Disease Control protocol.
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said he was pleased by the results.
One witness told the Anatolian news agency he saw the plane on fire in mid-air.
Frist proposed a process in which it would take gradually fewer votes to overcome filibusters preventing final votes on judicial confirmations.
A major British study has added to the evidence that hormone replacement therapy increases the risk of breast cancer, especially when women receive a combination of estrogen and progestin.
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kicks off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday.
Amazon's shares yesterday closed at $54.32 on the Nasdaq Stock Market, up 29 cents.
But Lawtey is the first entire prison to take that path.
Under the proposed terms of the transaction, and following the spinoff of PalmSource, Palm will exchange 0.09 shares for each share of Handspring.
The rock was first observed by the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, also known as LINEAR.
He urged employees to "avoid complacency" and to "change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."
These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and the United States will find the killers and they will learn the meaning of American justice.
There were 659 women enrolled at the academy at the time of the survey.
The impact of natural-gas shortages "will touch virtually every American," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham warned yesterday.
Nevada is where the most women smoke, 28 percent.
That poll had 712 likely voters and sampling error of plus or minus 3.7 percentage points.
MONY shares rose 8.76 per cent to $31.90 in after-hours trading in New York.
Burrell said Diana wrote a letter in October 1996 claiming there was a plot to kill her in a smash and gave it to him to keep as insurance.
Republican National Committee Chairman Ed Gillespie issued a letter Friday to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.
"The movement to defend pensions is gaining momentum, and we won't give up," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.
Ellison said that contrary to the contentions of PeopleSoft management, Oracle intends to "fully support PeopleSoft customers and products" for many years to come.
Bounty hunting is illegal in Mexico, and the bounty hunter was charged with kidnapping.
The submission was on Monday, but the announcement was made Friday at the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam.
Chinese language Web portals also support 3721 keywords, the Web site said.
Analysts polled by Reuters Research, a unit of Reuters Group Plc, on average forecast profit of $1.69 per share.
Two more died later, and initial autopsy reports show they succumbed to dehydration, hypothermia and suffocation.
Authorities looked to the public yesterday for help in solving the deadly sniper-style shootings of three people outside Charleston-area convenience stores.
HP fell to second place with server sales growing 0.4 percent to $2.9 billion.
The Third Armored Cavalry Regiment recently apprehended about 40 suspected fighters near the Syrian border, officials said.
Total revenue for the second quarter was $1.48 billion, up 7% from $1.39 billion in the same period last year.
Bolivia's army fought to stop a column of dynamite-wielding miners from streaming into the besieged capital on Wednesday, leaving two dead as a popular uprising against the President spread.
Dell's Personal All-in-One A920 is an entry-level device that combines printer, scanner and copier functions for $89.
But in the first 30 seconds of the bout, family members knew it was an uneven match, Jodie Meyers, Stacy Young's sister, said.
Still, Singapore quarantined 70 people who had been in close contact with the scientist.
The Skagit was expected to crest during the night at 38 feet at Mount Vernon, 10 feet above flood stage, the National Weather Service said.
In early trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 39.94, or 0.4 percent, at 8,945.50, having slipped 3.61 points Monday.
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, about 48km north; their conditions were not immediately available.
Against the Swiss franc the dollar was at 1.3289 francs, up 0.5 percent on the day.
Joining him in the majority opinion were Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen G. Breyer.
Martin served two thirds of a five-year sentence for the manslaughter of Barras and for wounding Fearon.
The companies said Idec holders would own about 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company.
"This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals," Raymond said.
NEW YORK -(Dow Jones)- Former star investment banker Frank Quattrone pleaded not guilty Tuesday to criminal charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 79.43 points, or 0.86 percent, to 9,117.12 on Friday.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 10.89 points, or 0.11 percent, to 9,837.94.
Since then, Texas Gov. Rick Perry has called two special sessions trying to push the measure through.
The agency said it would consider as timely any tax returns or payments due from Friday through Aug. 22 if they are completed by Aug. 22.
The Texas congressional delegation now is 17-15 Democratic.
The Fijian military installed an all-indigenous government led by Mr Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.
BuyMusic is the first subscription-free paid download music service for PC users.
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under certain conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.
Gov. Linda Lingle and other dignitaries are scheduled to be at the base to watch the launch.
Ebbers' lawyer, Reid Weingarten, said despite the thorough investigation, "the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions."
The Justice Department filed a civil rights lawsuit Thursday against the state of Mississippi, alleging abuse of juvenile offenders at two state-run facilities.
Marcel Desailly, the France captain and Chelsea defender, believes the latter is true.
She was the only woman employed as a warehouse worker and heavy equipment operator and the only woman in her Teamsters local.
Police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday when his jet made a refueling stop in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk.
Sony Ericsson also said it plans to close its R&D site in Munich, Germany, for GSM and UMTS handsets.
China is scrambling to stop the disease from spreading to the countryside, where most of its 1.3 billion people live.
Statistics from the Kansas Department of Health and Environment show that 11,844 abortions were performed in the state last year.
The researchers say that the fact the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohns sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation.
According to the report, average life expectancy has increased by nearly two years since 1990.
For the full year period ending June 30, 2003, high-speed lines increased by 45 percent.
Comstock said several federal courts have ruled that the detentions are fully within the law.
Still, Mr. Weill will remain very much a power at the company.
Greg Parseghian was appointed the new chief executive.
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, as an example of how JI uses marriage to grow.
Philadelphia's council is not the first to defy the national policy.
Meanwhile, Funny Cide's trainer, Barclay Tagg, called the allegations "ridiculous."
Cuban officials said that last year none of about two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas in time to attend the Latin Grammys.
The letter indicates the Vatican's interest in bolstering conservatives within the Episcopal Church.
Hillary Clinton, the New York senator and former first lady, has a book out Monday titled Living History.
A passionate nationalist, Mr. D'Alessandro said: "Canada is a small country, and we need more companies like this."
State interior ministry spokesman Vasant Pitke told Reuters that at least 42 people had been killed and 112 injured.
He also said Shockey is "living the dream life of a New York athlete.
Sumitomo Mitsui Financial (JP:8316: news, chart, profile) was down 2.5 percent at 198,000 yen.
The remaining 1,557 genes are believed to be all functional.
Production for the second quarter was cut to 46 million barrels from 48 million barrels.
Tikrit is Saddam Hussein's hometown and the region around it is known as a hotbed of Baath Party supporters and former high-ranking Iraqi military officials.
Miodrag Zivkovic, the leader of the pro-independence opposition Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.
A year ago the firm posted a profit of 26 million pounds.
Some 34.7 million shares have been tendered, Oracle said in a statement.
Yucaipa bought Dominick's in 1995 for $693 million and sold it to Safeway for $1.8 billion in 1998.
Pete Slover reported from Laredo and Gromer Jeffers from Albuquerque.
The 25 percent hike takes annual UC undergraduate tuition to $4,794 and graduate fees to $5,019.
The scientist also quarantined himself at home as soon as he developed SARS symptoms, officials said.
The upgrade will be available as a free download for current customers with SmarNet support in January 2004.
Klarman was charged with 16 counts of wire fraud.
The team has named the sensor Canary, for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risks and yields.
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.
Waksal pleaded guilty to insider trading charges last year, and he is scheduled to be sentenced June 10.
The product also streams Internet radio and comes with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks' Rhapsody digital music subscription service.
The dollar dropped to $1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $1.1486 on Friday.
Morales, who pleaded guilty in July, expressed "sincere regret and remorse" for his crimes.
Through Sunday, Sept. 21, Site Finder has been visited over 65 million times by Internet users.
"MediaMax performs EXACTLY as "advertised" to the companies who purchased it," Jacobs said in the statement.
He was arrested in Atlanta, Georgia, on Monday night by police acting on a tip-off.
The Bush administration blames the wave of bombings and guerrilla attacks on Saddam loyalists and foreign Muslim militants who have entered Iraq to fight U.S. troops.
Tour doctors later confirmed that he had broken his right leg near the hip and also sustained wrist and elbow fractures.
Both the House and Senate bills would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapons.
About half of all U.S. households have money in mutual funds.
The House has passed bills the past two Congresses, but the Senate has not.
But for the elderly and those with weakened immune systems, it can be fatal.
"My understanding of this is that there is a lower percentage of successful impregnations with frozen," Ezzell said.
Klarman was arrested by FBI agents Monday morning at his home in New York.
Bishop O'Brien, aged 67, had told police he thought he had hit a dog or cat.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
"But at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook in such instances would be positive," he said.
In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stocks was up 3.29 points or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97.
Rich Media interactive ad formats doubled their share from 3% in second quarter of 2002, to 6% in the second quarter of 2003.
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld said Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnants of Saddam Hussein's deposed regime in Iraq.
As Sayliyah was the command base for the Iraq war, but hundreds who ran the war have returned to the United States.
Details on pricing will be announced within a few weeks, McBride said.
Sources in the racing industry said Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend starting next season.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ($DJ: news, chart, profile) rose 56 points, or 0.7 percent, to 8,588.
Dennehy, who transferred to Baylor last year after getting kicked off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrums, became a born-again Christian in June 2002.
Bashir also felt he was being tried by opinion rather than facts of law, he added.
But under cross-examination by O'Donnell's attorney, Lorna Schofield, Toepfer conceded she had ignored many of O'Donnell's suggestions and projects.
In that case, the court held that the city of Cincinnati had violated the First Amendment in banning, in the interest of aesthetics, only the advertising pamphlets.
Box cutters were the weapons used by the 19 hijackers in the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.
Southwest said its traffic was up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent.
The new worm affects these Windows systems: 2000, XP, NT 4.0 and Server 2003.
Shares of McDonald's and Wendy's continued their recent recovery Monday, rising more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade.
We don't need a little bitty tax relief plan.
Harry Potter's latest wizard trick?
Nvidia will take advantage of MediaQ customers, which include such players as Siemens AG, Sharp, Philips, Dell, Mitsubishi and Sony Corp.
Aventis, based in Strasbourg, France, is one of the leading producers of the vaccine and one of a handful of companies that still make it.
"I'm going to try to march with a number of different groups," Bloomberg said.
The attack seemed similar to attacks staged near foreign compounds in Riyadh on May 12, for which officials have also blamed al-Qaida.
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.
The boy fired once into a wall and sprayed the room with fire extinguishers, making it hard to see, the chief said.
"The clear message is it should not be used to prevent cardiovascular disease," Manson said.
The meat, poultry, butter, cheese and nuts were being stored by more than 100 wholesalers in Chicago.
BlueCore3-Multimedia contains an open platform DSP co-processor and also includes a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio.
With the remaining three shuttles grounded in the wake of the Columbia accident, the rookies will have to wait even longer.
Bremer, 61, is a former assistant to former Secretaries of State William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger.
Those talks have not taken place, according to an Oracle spokeswoman.
It has sought observer status for seven years, but was again rebuffed May 19 at the annual WHO conference in Geneva.
The countys first and only human case of West Nile this year was confirmed by health officials on Sept. 8.
National Breast Cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan said there was no need for panic.
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.
The New Democrats also renewed their commitment to no health-care privatization and no premiums.
Also as part of the deal, PalmSource stock will begin trading on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol: PSRC.
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."
The government did not identify the taikonauts -- a term coined from taikong, the Chinese word for space.
Mr Blair went on: "I think we did the right thing in relation to Iraq.
The judge scheduled another oversight hearing for late January.
"I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California, and I'm looking forward to it."
Junya Tanase, forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase, said "I expect Japan to keep conducting intervention, but the volume is likely to fall sharply."
The developers, The Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors, hope sales top $1 billion.
It ain't coming to me, but it's only about a third of what I owe in the world.
At 12:10 p.m. EDT, Canada's benchmark S&P/TSX composite index was up 6.87 points or 0.1 per cent to 6,979.29.
Prices for Treasury securities also rose, with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note falling to 4.19 percent.
Edie Falco was not nominated for "Frankie and Johnny."
"Saddam is gone, but we want the (U.S.) occupation to end."
Kernan, who was O'Bannon's lieutenant governor, friend and political partner, was sworn in six hours after O'Bannon died Saturday.
Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday made good on a promise to offer a workstation based on Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor.
Analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call had expected Kodak to earn 68 cents a share for the quarter.
Corixa's stock barely flinched on the news, dipping 12 cents to close at $6.88.
Next week, John S. Reed, the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday became interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange, will take up his position.
He refused to say what percentage of domestic flights had security officers on board.
The S&P 500 had climbed 16 percent since its March low and yesterday closed at its highest since Dec. 2.
CBS said the show "does not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience.
Health officials confirmed today that a northeast Kansas woman has the state's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River.
Navistar shares rose a penny to $41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier falling as low as $39.93.
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.
A Microsoft spokesman was not immediately available to comment.
The new analysis found that 32 of 16,608 participants developed ovarian cancer in about 5 1/2 years of follow-up, including 20 women taking hormones.
Character actor Hume Cronyn, 91, died Sunday at his home in Connecticut.
Deirdre Hisler, Government Canyon's manager, said the state long has coveted this piece of property, and is eager to complete the deal.
Reuters witnesses said public squares were packed with crying children and people left homeless, huddled in blankets to protect them from the cold.
The supermarket chains have used managers and replacement workers to keep their stores open, often at reduced hours.
The security official's backup was on active duty, and the lottery association didn't have a replacement in New Jersey, Strutt said.
Phoberomys' skeleton was unearthed 250 miles west of Caracas, Venezuela.
Mr McDonnell wants to establish if the Italian business followed Grant Thornton's audit procedures.
Meantime, the Direct Marketing Association said its members should not call the nearly 51 million numbers on the list.
General Dynamics was sued when it changed its retirement benefits in 1997.
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 0.11 percent, or 1.78 points, at 1,594.13.
NASA is scheduled to launch the Space Infrared Telescope Facility on Monday morning.
A leading U.K. medical journal called Friday for a complete ban on tobacco, prompting outrage from smokers' groups.
But police say the driver of the truck has not been found and is wanted for questioning.
Surrounded by singers from Harlem, Bush said: ''The artistry of black musicians has conveyed the experience of black Americans throughout our history.
Geraldine Andrews, Reynolds' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson's family, said Robinson had recently taken Wilson out of a mental health facility.
Baker called a pregame meeting, believing the the corked-bat episode had distracted the team.
She was taken to Charing Cross Hospital, where she remained critically ill last night.
After a weak start, the Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35, while the S&P 500 index rose 3 to 980.59.
Primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also been formally rated for the first time this year.
"We are aware of the situation," said Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg, a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.
The firm had predicted earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase.
The new deal would be valued at $1.75 billion, including $863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft shares.
In his Jan. 28 State of the Union message, Bush said, "The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa."
Of the 24 directors who are not exchange executives, half are representatives of the securities industry and half are designated public members.
The Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida voted Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop.
McGill also said a dark glove was stuffed into a hole that had been cut in the Caprice's trunk.
That was more than double the $102 million, or 13 cents a share, for the year-earlier quarter.
But the economy hasn't shown signs of sustainable growth.
California's lost tax revenue was mostly due to international corporate tax shelters.
In other markets, U.S. Treasuries inched higher as declining stocks raised the appeal of safe-haven debt.
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.
The Pentagon had hoped to retain control of the postwar effort, so the decision was seen by some insiders as a victory for Powell and the State Department.
Sally Baldwin, from York, was killed instantly when a walkway collapsed and she fell into the machinery at Tiburtina station.
The agency has yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of an independent engineering technical authority.
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.
In the second quarter, consumer advertisers continued to spend the most online, slightly increasing their share.
Seifert, he testified, had a gunshot wound in the back.
It is priced at $5,995 or $195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five users.
Tropical storm warnings for Southeast coast
Suicide bomber kills 21 in NW Pakistan
U.S. ready to help Chinese activist: official
2 Gaza rockets hit Israel; no injuries
The perception of Spain has changed dramatically with this government
16 killed in north Iraq attacks
Hurricane Isaac batters US coast near New Orleans
Nigeria opens probe into deadly air crash
Congolese warlord sentenced to 14 years in landmark case - video
3 killed, 14 injured in attacks in Iraq
Schiphol airport evacuated due to bomb threat
CMIE cuts 2012-13 growth forecast to 6.3%
Activist says Syrian citizen cameraman killed in Homs
Low expectations for Iran nuclear talks
British Girl And Grandad Drown In Portugal
U.S., Iran prepare for Istanbul nuclear talks
Syrian forces kill 3 protesters in Damascus-activists
Royal Mail to create 1,000 jobs
Iraq searches Syrian-bound Iranian plane
Syria fighting rages in capital, Russia pressed
Erdogan's party aims for Turkish presidency
PBS publishes new guidelines on impartiality
Charges over dog attack on police
Gu Kailai's Murder Trial Ends in China
Obama says he's not 'hiding the ball' on Russia
England captain Strauss retires from cricket
War crimes: China backs Lanka on UN resolution
Sachin Tendulkar's reaches 100 centuries - in pictures
Day begins amid panic
Morsi to take oath as first Egypt civilian president
Syrian opposition leader criticizes U.S.
Sunderland 2-2 Bolton: Davies in at the double
Syrian forces and rebels clash in coastal province
Greek protesters, police clash as bailout deal in limbo
News Summary: Apple buying AuthenTec for $356M
Hollywood trade publication Variety put up for sale
Australian speaker steps aside
Eurozone avoids recession in Q1, thanks to Germany
Oil rises after Greek election result
Two British soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Obama to visit Korean DMZ
Suicide bomber kills 37 at mosque in Afghanistan
Police to detonate devices in Colorado shooting suspect's home
Syria TV says govt troops free captive journalists
Coroner confirms Whitney Houston found in bathtub
Oklahoma wildfires destroy homes - in pictures
German court weighs delay to euro fund ruling
Some Syria violence qualifies as civil war -Red Cross
Romney shifts focus to Santorum ahead caucuses
Apple iPad mini makes debut in Asia
Myanmar announces release of prisoners
Venezuelans urged to vote in presidential election
Sunday Times journalist, French photographer 'killed in Syria'
KL shares lower at mid-morning
Chicago teachers union delegates could end strike
Israel asks US for arms that could aid Iran strike
French President Francois Hollande's plane hit by lightning en route to Berlin
Afghan parliament votes to remove key ministers
Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
Cheap cancer drugs no cure for India's poorest
Maldives court issues arrest warrant for former president
Report: Jordan biased over Palestinians from Syria
Syria army takes northern rebel stronghold
Chinese stocks open lower Friday
Eastern U.S. storms leave 2 dead in Va., 2 million without power
Complaints in Russian election mount
Supreme Court to hear corporate human rights case
Libya postpones landmark election to July 7
London 2012 Olympics: Opening Ceremony to be a 'green and pleasant land', says Danny Boyle
Pakistan blocks Twitter over 'blasphemy'
Annan to visit Syrian refugees in Turkey before Iran
Pakistan avalanche: rescuers search for buried soldiers
Cambodia opposition leaders summoned to court
Mali Counts Votes After Presidential Runoff
Pussy Riot member Maria Alyokhina freed from jail
Plane crash lands at San Francisco airport
Blizzard wallops US Northeast, closes roads
Two French journalists killed in Mali
Vehicles 'left burning' as smoke emits from Japan tunnel
China stocks close higher on Wednesday
Rescuers search for survivors of Texas fertiliser plant blast
Nigeria announces plans to change polymer Naira notes
US files espionage charges against Snowden over leaks
Chinese general’s son gets 10 years’ jail for gang-rape
Missing red panda returned safely to National Zoo
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands abdicates in favour of son
U.S. military jettisons bombs near Australia's Great Barrier Reef
Taliban attacks US base in Afghanistan
23 Missing as Typhoon Utor Hits Philippines
Death toll from Egypt protests rises to 49
Obama rejects GOP offer to ease shutdown
Many killed in Syrian air strike
Putin's security decree for Sochi draws ire of critics
Egypt braces for more protests over Morsi, prays for calm
Morsi backers defiant in face of Egypt govt threat
US stocks ease in choppy trading
Bangladesh building-collapse toll tops 600
Mugabe sworn in for another term
South Africa: Mandela in hospital for tests
Iran, world powers agree nuclear deal
Algeria mulls international force for hostages
Delhi gang rape victim flown to Singapore hospital
Contraceptive pill 'doubles glaucoma risk'
Malaysia sets date for landmark elections
Dhawan ton sets up India Trophy win over South Africa
North Korea postpones war-torn family unions
US suspects Syria used chemical weapons
Egypt bans Muslim Brotherhood group
Gunmen kill 3 policemen in Iraq
News summary for January 14
US Senate passes gay workers bill
Syrian opposition meets to choose interim PM
Oscar Pistorius 'shot Steenkamp in bathroom'
Two New York firefighters in guarded condition after deadly ambush
Six rescued after boat capsizes in Dublin Bay
Wawrinka reaches first grand slam final
Ankeet Chavan granted bail to get married
Former plant chief who battled Fukushima disaster dies of cancer
Iran says capable of jamming foes' communication systems
South African police arrest 50 in farm protest
25 more bodies found at Algerian gas plant
Ferrer beats Nishikori to advance to Australian Open quarterfinals
UBS settles US mortgage lawsuit and takes £600m charge
North, South Korea hold rare talks
Gunmen kill 5 female teachers in Pakistan
Hard-hit hotels ready for price war
New Zealand votes to legalise same-sex marriage
Syria army continues mop-up operations near Damascus
Nobel laureate Doris Lessing dies at 94
Internet service resumes in Syria
Syrian PM survives bomb attack in capital
Stock futures edge higher, all eyes on Fed
Major quake kills 39 in Pakistan
Sri Lanka warned over war crime allegations
Protesters clash with riot police in Kiev
5 Taliban, 5 Afghan police killed in ambushes
Gunmen kidnap 2 Turkish Airlines pilots in Lebanon
Kurdish rebels to withdraw from Turkey
Japan’s GDP growth downgraded to annual 1.1%
Australian politicians lament over Nelson Mandela's death
Ukraine Refuses to Act Against Russian 'Provocation'
Fugitive Snowden short-listed for European rights prize
Liberal ElBaradei named Egypt PM, Islamists cry foul
China's economic growth rebounds to 7.8% in latest quarter
Boston bomb suspect buried in Virginia cemetery
US issues global travel alert, cites al-Qaida threat
Singapore stocks end down 0.45%
Rebels down Ukraine helicopters
Hernandez double gives Mexico victory over Japan
China FM hosts senior ASEAN officials
Canadian government approves controversial oil pipeline to Pacific
Forum urges stable relations for China, Japan
Japan Election: Shinzo Abe Hails Landslide Win
Weapons experts leave Syria, U.S. prepares attack
Southwest Jet's Nose Gear Landed First
Gunmen kill nine in southwest Pakistan: Police
6.6-mag quake strikes off eastern Indonesia
Obama lashes North Korea as weak ‚Äėpariah state‚Äô
Colombia too slick for Greece
Oscar Pistorius sent for mental evaluation: what will it mean?
Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans Re-Arrested
CIA chief in Israel to discuss situation in Syria
Twitter blocks content in Pakistan
Ukraine Claims Rebels Flushed from Main Stronghold
Foreigners among dead in Kabul hotel attack
Firefighters battling scrub fire in Hokianga
Maduro wins Venezuelan presidential vote
Mother held over daughter's death A mother has been remanded in custody charged with murder after her eight-year-old daughter was found dead in a block of flats.
Oil rig spat: Beijing not to send army
Russia detains suspected Islamist militants in Moscow raid
Ally of Georgia's billionaire PM to be president -exit polls
Car bombs kill at least 47 in Baghdad area
Saudi Arabia rejects seat on UN Security Council
US drone kills 16 in Pakistan
8 soldiers killed in bomb attack in NW Pakistan
Shenzhen stock indices close lower -- Oct. 31
US presidents pay tribute to Mandela
46 dead in Iraq attack blitz
Ban Warns Syria Strikes Could Worsen Sectarian Violence
Iranian negotiator upbeat about latest nuclear talks
Canada promises $5-million in typhoon relief
Greece to close state broadcaster to save money
Guatemala's former leader found guilty of genocide
Palestinian teen dies of wounds sustained in Israeli shooting
Iran upbeat on 'useful' expert-level nuke talks
Bangladesh collapse deaths top 620
Neymar powers Brazil into World Cup last 16
Ukraine offers unilateral ceasefire
Rolling Stones add second Hyde Park date
What the Papers Say, Dec. 30, 2013
Putin's marriage at an end
Car Bomb Hits Swedish Consulate in Benghazi, None Hurt
Bombing Outside Restaurant in Pakistan Wounds 15
Croatia countdowns to joining EU
Suicide attacks kill 24 people in Baghdad
On war criminals and heroes: The whitewashing of Ariel Sharon
Rogers, Videotron reach network-sharing, spectrum deal
Top AIDS Researcher Killed in Malaysia Plane Crash
Israeli army kills Palestinian militant in raid
Death Toll Rises to 84 in Pakistan Floods
Protests Continue In Ukraine's Capital
Two French journalists abducted, killed in Northern Mali
Headlines in major Iranian newspapers on July 29
Iranian Delegation Heads to Lebanon, Syria
Former Pakistan military ruler Pervez Musharraf granted bail
US drone strike kills 10 in Pakistan
Former British PM Margaret Thatcher dies
Polar bear study may boost fight against obesity
Paul Walker dead: Fast and Furious star, 40, killed in car crash
US drone strike kills eleven in Pakistan
Turkish president calls for calm amid nationwide protests
6.8 quake in shattered Pakistan region
Europe floods continue to create havoc
Luxembourg votes after spying row
One dead, 8 missing in Vietnam boat accident
China: Relief in focus as hope for missing fades
World Cup live: Germany 0-0 Ghana
Tokyo wins race to host 2020 Olympic Games
France fears extremists will benefit from Egypt violence
British teenager killed in Magaluf hotel fall
US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan
Russian Opposition Leader Placed Under House Arrest
Senate confirms Janet Yellen as next Federal Reserve Chair
Israel officials: Strike on Syria targeted weapons
Jodi Arias eligible for death penalty, jury says
Twitter says images blocked in Venezuela
Indian building collapse deaths rise to 14
CII endorses underage marriage
Mt Gox finds 200,000 'forgotten' bitcoins
Hundreds believed injured in Texas fertiliser plant blast
Redford addresses PC convention ahead of leadership review
UK urges countries over Syria aid
South Korean Soldier Kills Comrades And Flees
Polling stations open at Ukrainian presidential election
UK's Cameron: Syria, Russia must show chemical arms proposal is genuine
AbbVie cools on $55bn Shire deal after US tax changes
Militant attack from Afghanistan kills FC soldier in Balochistan
6 killed in Afghan capital mosque attack
Rev.'s Early Reads: Sept. 3rd, 2015
Sweden recognizes Palestinian state
Funeral of MH17 victim Liam Sweeney takes place in Newcastle
Waiting for the next president
Kurds see Turkey impeding Islamic State fight
US scientists praise Iran nuclear deal
Media freedom at stake as Turkey fights rebels
Philippines saves 100 after ferry sinks
Two-state solution between Palestinians, Israel pie in sky
Lawmakers from both sides express outrage at Secret Service
Myanmar Struggles to Finalize Voter Lists for Sunday Polls
North Korea Delegation Meets With South Korean Officials
